CET Release Notes 5.34.0 (#5443)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-error-tracking.md

:::

## February 2024

### Version ET-Agent 5.9.0 

<!-- February 13, 2024 -->

#### New features and enhancements

- The CET agent supports Graviton 3. (CET-2136)

- The CET agent supports Java 8+ on Graviton architecture. (CET-2136)

#### Fixed issues

> - In some cases, the CET agent might report snapshots that are 3rd party. This might cause tiny links or statistics that show up, without a snapshot. This issue has been fixed, and only events with snapshots should have tiny links and metrics. (CET-2146)

Reviewer: From a user perspective, the issue is fixed by the time they see the release note. Consider writing fixed issues in the format of "We implemented X solution to fix Y issue" or "New/fixed behavior vs. error/problem".

For example:

```suggestion
- Tiny links and metrics are shown for events with snapshots only. Previously, when the CET agent reported third-party snapshots, tiny links or statistics could show up without a snapshot. (CET-2146)
```
